OSDOCS-16959-config-oidc-provider CQA (#116384)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/identity-provider-oidc-supported.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="identity-provider-oidc-supported_{context}"]
= Supported OpenID Connect providers

[role="_abstract"]

> Review the OpenID Connect (OIDC) providers that Red Hat tests and supports with {product-title}. Choose a provider from this list if you need a Red Hat-tested OIDC integration with {product-title}.

Reviewer: Red Hat always gets `{nbsp}`, please replace all that way. The issue of the hyphen came up i nSlack recently, seems we should [avoid](https://redhat-internal.slack.com/archives/C067P71PL11/p1787152459382549?thread_ts=1787146833.629549&cid=C067P71PL11) it

```suggestion
Review the OpenID Connect (OIDC) providers that Red{nbsp}Hat tests and supports with {product-title}. Choose a provider from this list if you need a Red{nbsp}Hat tested OIDC integration with {product-title}.
```

> The following OpenID Connect (OIDC) providers are tested and supported with {product-title}. Using an OIDC provider that is not on the following list might work with {product-title}, but the provider was not tested by Red Hat and therefore is not supported by Red Hat.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following OIDC providers are tested and supported with {product-title}. Using an OIDC provider that is not on the following list might work with {product-title}, but the provider was not tested by Red{nbsp}Hat and therefore is not supported by Red{nbsp}Hat.
```
